Website: Add explanation for scenes app and link (#256)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/creating-a-plugin.mdx

- **app** (Applications, or app plugins, create a custom out-of-the-box monitoring experience.)
- **datasource** (Data source plugins add support for new databases or external APIs.)
- **panel** (Add new visualizations to dashboards with panel plugins.)

> - **scenesapp** (Scene Applications, or scene plugins, create dashboard-like experiences in app plugins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **scenesapp** (Scenes applications, or scenes plugins, create dashboard-like experiences in app plugins. Currently in **Public Preview**)
```
